BE-2568 - support unpausing monitors (is_paused = false) (#123)
groundcover-com/terraform-provider-groundcover: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.20.0

> * Fixed unpausing monitors: setting `is_paused = false` now works. Updated groundcover SDK to v1.364.0

Reviewer: Put the sdk line as separate item

## 1.20.0

> * Fixed unpausing monitors: setting `is_paused = false` now works

Reviewer 2: There's a second user-visible behavior change worth mentioning: omitting `is_paused` now preserves the monitor's current pause state (previously an unrelated update would plan it as `false` and silently unpause a monitor paused from the UI).

```suggestion
* Fixed monitor pause handling: setting `is_paused = false` now unpauses, and omitting `is_paused` preserves the monitor's current pause state instead of resetting it
```
